[Applause]
I needed that little I needed that
little shot of positive energy because I
had an interesting day I woke up this
morning or early I did two hours of
Pilates as they do every morning I
shampooed I can dish and then I I opened
my computer and find out I'm at more
with Sean Hannity in Fox News who by the
way I thought were my and Friends Fox
but they are not it turns out because
there's nothing important going on in
the country right now Sean Hannity and
his fellow Fox News people spent a lot
of time talking about me today how did
he apparently took issue with joke I
made on the show on Monday night and
this is what he had to say about that
this is brutal
liberal Jimmy Kimmel making fun of the
First Lady of the United States and her
involvement in the White House Easter
Egg Roll even her accents Jimmy you're a
despicable disgrace take a look okay
well before we take a look just want to
recap what I said when he according him
is brutal and here's why I am a
despicable disgrace I'm curious just
like a cat ask lots of questions about
this and bad
the about decent death
here you realize what this means you
could be First Lady of the United
assclown Kimmel now I got to tell you
something what a disgrace
hey mr. Kimmel that's her fifth language
how many do you speak six I speak six
languages exactly one more than Milani
as big English Spanish Italian what else
Chinese is vegenaise a language I don't
know I do not speak assclown though what
even is an assclown I was thinking about
it this morning huh is it an ass that's
a clown or is it a clown that actually
lives in an ass like a little bozo bird
in your butt cheeks I honestly don't
know and more importantly why is Sean
Hannity openly fantasizing about clowns
in the ass is that your thing at night
when you're at 2:00 a.m. you got your
laptop open a Breitbart you sneak into
the den to hump a pillow from the Ivanka
Trump collection quietly so your wife
doesn't wake up and force you to go to
church Sean Hannity's problem is for
eight years while Obama was president he
was unable to get an erection for eight
years not one erection and he tried
everything he biography Alice he tried
looking at pictures of Paul Ryan with
his shirt off anymore went to office
Christmas parties with Bill O'Reilly
nothing worked he wasn't able to but now
that Trump is president here's the twist
Sean Hannity is unable to have anything
but an erection okay
he's had an erection since November of
2016 and it's driving him mad he's lost
his mind this is the guy who defended
the multiple alleged pedophile roaring
more and I am a despicable escape I'm
the ass clown here's the if I'm an ass
clown and I might very well be you Sean
are the whole ass circus
[Music]
a swagman lion-tamer and the ass human
cannonball all jammed into one little
car you're the Ringling Brothers and
Barnum & Bailey of ass clowns moonship
but I do it I do want to say I
appreciate how compassionate you've
suddenly become to the plight of
immigrants in this country over the last
24 hours
you know what I think is disrespectful
of the first lady cheating on her with a
porn star after she has a baby
and go get a haircut you hippie if you
liked that video click Subscribe and
we'll be together until one of us dies